[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
the long-awaited rematch between
Goku and Vegeta raged on!
Meanwhile, the energy from
each Earth-shattering attack
went straight to the ball
containing Majin Buu!
Majin Buu is at full power!
His full power!
[gasps]
[BABIDI]
It's really happening!
Buu is finally
coming back to life!
[laughs intensely]
I don't believe this!
This is the worst-case-scenario
I was trying to avoid!
How could I have
failed so completely?
[NARRATOR] Majin Buu's seal
has been released!
Can anything stop this
nightmare from coming to life?
Find out, now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
Why're you lagging
behind like that?
If you keep being a slowpoke,
we're not gonna
get to see Majin Buu!
Yeah, but--!
[TRUNKS]
But what?
[GOTEN] I really have to
go to the bathroom!
You're flying slow
'cause you gotta pee?
Just hold it!
We're in a hurry, y'know?
I can't hold it!
I haven't gone
since the tournament
and if I don't do it soon
I think I'm gonna wet myself!
Well it's your own fault
for waitin' so long!
All right, you can go there.
Behind those rocks!
And hurry up!
[GOTEN]
Okay!
[zip]
Oh! You gottta go, too?
[chuckles]
I might as well!
Hey, check it out!
I can pee farther than you!
[GOTEN]
How about now?
[TRUNKS]
No way!
[GOTEN]
Whatever.
[TRUNKS]
I told you I could!
[GOTEN]
No.
[thud]
[DINOSAUR roars]
[BOTH yell]
Whew! That was close!
Yeah, some rest stop.
C'mon, let's get movin'!
[GOTEN]
Mhmmm.
Nice try!
[groans]
What's wrong, Kakarot?
[VEGETA]
There you are!
Now die, Kakarot!
[GOKU]
Not too shabby, Vegeta.
But I'm getting fired up, too.
[TRUNKS] Hey, Goten! I'm sensing
some crazy strong energy
out there. You think it might
be coming from our dads?
[GOTEN] No idea, Trunks.
But I felt it coming from
the tournament
a little while back.
[TRUNKS] How come we're feeling
such powerful energy
from totally different places?
You think people are
fighting all over the world
and that's what we feel?
I don't know any more
about what's happening
out there than you do.
Wanna turn around
and go back to the arena?
We're not turning around!
I'm wanna go see Majin Buu
today no matter what!
[TRUNKS]
Okay, Goten, just chill out!
How 'bout we head towards
the biggest energy
we're sensin'
and see what's there?
[GOTEN]
All right!
[yells]
[VEGETA] I haven't been this
worked up in a long time!
[GOKU] Sorry Vegeta,
but I'm not gonna lose to you!
Just die already!
[yells]
I should have figured
you'd live through that!
[GOKU] Stop it, Vegeta.
You're just wasting your power.
This is only the beginning! Aah!
[GOKU yells]
Y'know, it's pretty amazing.
While I've been in Otherworld,
I've done nothing but train,
and yet here we are now.
You and I are evenly matched,
which means
as much as I trained,
you must have pushed
yourself even harder.
What does it matter?
Sure, I may have bothered to
train harder than you ever did,
but your inborn talents
have still placed you
out of my reach!
Even after all these years,
that remains the same!
Don't deny it!
I've known the truth
ever since I watched you
fight that monster
Babidi sent for you
in his spaceship!
[GOKU yells]
[VEGETA]
I couldn't believe it!
How could Vegeta,
the Prince of all Saiyans,
be forever outpaced
by a low-born nobody
who grew up here on Earth!
Seeing that,
I knew what I had to do!
[chuckles]
What? Vegeta!
That was your reason?
So, that's why you allowed
Babidi to take control.
Yes. I thought of the fighters
at the tournament;
the evil pair whom
Babidi had taken over
in order to do his bidding.
[SPOPOVITCH yells]
[VIDEL groans]
When did he get so strong?
He's like a completely
different guy now!
Those two fighters
had gone from being
forgettable weaklings
to something
far more powerful
than ever before.
When I remembered that, Kakarot,
my plan came into being.
I would submit to Babidi's
control in the hopes of
leveling the playing field
between us once and for all!
I would say
it worked like a charm.
Although submitting to him
was a blow to my pride.
I don't get it. As proud
as you've always been,
you were willing to become
Babidi's servant
just to end up
a little bit stronger?
[VEGETA]
I-- I just--!
Aah! I just wanted to go back
to being the person
I was before!
I wanted to go back to being
the cold-blooded Saiyan
I had been in the beginning.
The one who didn't care
about anything except
besting you
in one-on-one combat!
I wasn't happy.
I didn't realize it
at first, but all of you
had made me too peaceful;
you had domesticated me!
I-- I suddenly had
a family, of all things.
And it didn't
feel so terrible.
I started to feel
comfortable living on Earth.
Living out a life
of peace and serenity.
But surrendering
to Babidi's magic
was a price I was willing to pay
if it meant I could
be my old self again!
[chuckles]
And as a result,
I've never felt better.
That isn't true
and you know it, Vegeta.
[grunts]
[DABURA chuckles]
The moment is almost
at hand, Master.
Majin Buu will be free
of his prison once again!
[laughs]
He's coming out!
At long last, I'll behold
my father's creation!
Aah!
[cries out]
[CROWD screams]
Why are we shaking?
What the heck is going on?
Dunno.
Well, Mr. Satan, if you're
gonna tell the crowd
to remain calm,
now's a good time.
Yeah, but--
If you don't say something,
we're going to have a
full-scale panic on our hands.
Besides, we haven't even awarded
you the prize money yet.
Oooh yeah. About that.
Not that it's at
the top of my list
of considerations or anything,
but you should gimmie
that cash right away!
Huh? Without the
awards ceremony?
Oh, I couldn't!
Heya folks!
No need to run!
You have the one-and-only
Mr. Satan right here
to protect you, don'tcha?
Even if the world were
coming to an end around ya,
there's absolutely
nothing to fear,
'cause Mr. Satan
has got your back!
[BOTH] Yeah, that's right.
He'll protect us!
[MAN 25B]
Long as we have Mr. Satan,
there's nothing
to worry about, you guys!
[MAN 25C] The champ is here,
so we're in good hands!
[CROWD] Satan rocks!
Satan rocks! Satan rocks!
[MR. SATAN]
Yeah!
[laughs]
[MR. SATAN]
Good job, brother!
That little speech
was a ten outta ten!
Now, to get that cash
and head for the hills!
Mm. Something's
happening out there.
It's some kinda threat,
worse than anything
we've ever had to face before.
What're we supposed to do?
My little Goten's
flown off to who knows where,
and Gohan and Goku
were here, then they left,
then they reappeared
and vanished!
I can't take it anymore!
[hollers]
[air whooshing]
[GOTEN]
Wait up, Trunks! Come back!
Huh? What is it, Goten?
[GOTEN] Something weird
is going on around here.
I'm also sensing a whole lot
of energy over there.
[TRUNKS]
Yeah, I feel it, too.
And not only is it powerful,
I've never felt
anything like it before.
[GOTEN]
Uh-huh.
[TRUNKS] We can't be
in two places at once.
How'm I supposed to know
which direction to go? Huh.
Huh?
[BIRDS cawing]
Look at 'em go!
How come they're
acting all crazy?
I don't know any more
than you do, Goten.
Do you think it has
to do with Majin Buu?
[GOTEN]
Uh-uh-nuh!
[SUPREME KAI gasping]
[laughs]
[BABIDI laughs]
Dabura, he's coming out.
He's finally coming out!
Yes, indeed.
At last, the seal
on the ball has been broken!
The legendary Majin Buu
is making his return!
Finally! My father's creation
will fulfill its purpose
once again by
destroying everything!
Yes, sir.
This day is promising.
[BABIDI] I've dreamt
of this day forever!
Hurry up, Majin Buu!
Don't keep me waiting!
[GOHAN] The energy Dad's been
putting out in his fight!
It's incredible! It's beyond
even Super Saiyan levels.
[SUPREME KAI hollers]
But because of it, Majin Buu is
about to be unleashed again!
Gohan! This is hopeless!
We have to run!
We have to go now!
There's nothing we can do!
Huh? Whaddya mean
there's nothing we can do?
If we just turn tail and run,
Majin Buu's gonna
come out of that ball!
And then we'll be in way worse
shape than we are right now!
Listen to me, Gohan!
There is no one on Earth
who can stop him!
Not you! Not me! Not anybody!
There is not a person alive
who can defeat Majin Buu,
and if we don't
escape right now,
he'll destroy us as easily
as swatting a fly!
But how can we just
give up, Supreme Kai?
Our only chance at survival
is to flee! Now!
I'm not gonna run!
You must!
If he's already
reached full power,
then there's only
one thing left to do!
[bellows]
What do you
think you're doing?
[bellows]
Uh, Dabura,
what's all this about?
I'm not sure.
I'll fight him
for as long as I can!
[yells]
What're you doing?
That impudent little--!
Do not worry, Master.
I will go and destroy
that fool immediately.
Good! But I'm not worried
in the slightest.
It would take more than
this to make Majin Buu
even break a sweat!
Ha-ha! Go right ahead!
You just keep blasting until
you're blue in the face!
Ha!
Here I go!
[yells]
Aah! Here he comes!
Time for Majin Buu!
Yes, my master!
[DABURA, BABIDI]
There's... nothing in it.
No. No way. This cannot
be happening to me.
I open the ball
only to find nothing inside?
Come on out!
I'm not going to accept
that you're destroyed!
Please, Majin Buu!
[SUPREME KAI laughs]
I can't believe our luck!
Huh...
I would hate to be
you right now, Babidi!
Gohan's attack
reduced Majin Buu
all the way down to nothing.
He probably
shriveled up while he was
in the ball for all those years.
No matter how much energy
you pumped into him,
he was never going to be
as strong as he once was.
And so your evil plans
have come to an end!
Please, my master,
do not act like all is lost.
Even without Majin Buu,
I am still right here.
And Vegeta is still
a very powerful weapon,
even if he is not entirely
under your control.
But he destroyed my Majin Buu!
My father's greatest creation!
Look at him! Tearing up
because he didn't get his way!
[laughs]
Listen very carefully.
I want you to
take the Supreme Kai
and crush him flat as a pancake!
Gladly.
[SUPREME KAI]
Here's the plan, Gohan.
I will take care
of Babidi myself.
Meanwhile, you face off
against Dabura again.
Once we've defeated them both,
this wizard is
going to be a threat
to the universe no longer!
Come! Now is the time
for you to get angry,
as your father instructed you!
So tap into your rage and show
these villains your true power!
Think of it, Gohan!
This fight is moments away
from being over!
No! It's not over!
It's wasn't enough!
Huh?!
There's an energy,
a tremendous energy
building up, even now!
No, it can't be!
What? What is this power
you're sensing, Gohan?
--Talk to me!
--Look above us!
The smoke that came out
of Majin Buu's ball
when it opened just now!
I've never felt
anything like it!
[gasps]
Dabura! Look! Up there!
Master! Could that cloud be--?
Ah!
Buu!
[NARRATOR] At last, Majin Buu
has made his fateful return.
But is this odd-looking creature
truly the legendary terror the
Supreme Kai claims him to be?
Find out,
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
So, this Majin Buu guy
has finally been revived, huh?
Be careful out there, Gohan!
I'm picking up a really
evil vibe from him!
[SUPREME KAI]
That pudgy pink face!
It's absolutely terrifying!
This is the end! There's
no way we can survive this!
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN] Majin Buu just
became even more powerful!